you guys Carolina trekker today I'm just
gonna do a quick review of the becker BK
11 this is my first video so uh give me
some feedback
alright guys this is a this is the BK 11
in other words uh becker Necker i got
this not long ago for a trip to the
mountains over spring break and for over
the summer when I'm in my canoe and I
don't want to be bothered with anything
on my waist I'll show you the knife
first
it is this knife is 1095 crow van steel
which is a tool steel as you can see
right there it's UK 11 made in the
United States of America it is made by
k-bar and Becker knives which I think
was a knife company and they merged with
K bar don't quote me on that because I'm
not sure certain it is I believe 6 and
3/4 inch overall the cutting edge which
is this edge right there is 3 and 1/4
inch it has a black coating as you can
see so it's non reflective and that
coating also helps it from from rusting
or corroding what I did though was I
sanded the blade with a fine sandpaper
so that it I took the black finish off
and then I left it in a cup of vinegar
just plain I think it's called white
distilled vinegar or something to that
effect overnight and as you can see the
color is
about the same as the handle so didn't
change it color much but what the
difference is is now instead of having
this black coating on it which will not
strike on a fire okay so now we're going
to go over the sheath this is a glass
filled nylon sheath it is not Kydex
glass filled nylon personally I've never
had a Kydex sheath so I don't know what
the difference is as you can see it's
form-fitting it's has a really snug fit
you can hear that click it rattles a
little bit that's just because the blade
is hitting both sides in there but it's
not going anywhere it's pretty sturdy
what I have is a bicycle tube inner tube
right here with my fire steel under that
and then under the first bicycle tube I
have some Bank line which is pretty
small and it's got like a has like a
coating on it that makes it water
resistant what I did was I took the
lengths of paracord that they give you
which is about 7 foot and I didn't
really want to use that so I cut a piece
off and I put it through these holes
right here
the I got a piece of this military
webbing from REI I think it was
something like 32 cents an inch no
excuse me it was a foot I got about two
foot I stitched
a flap on the end and then tied the
paracord around that so I can adjust it
a little bit and I got this webbing
because I wanted something a little bit
more comfortable to go around my neck so
that was my answer to that the handle of
the the blade or the knife I didn't go
over that real well I just put a simple
kind of wrap with that bank line and the
same on the fire steel this fire steel
is from fire steel calm and give me a
second and I'll give you a little
demonstration of the virus deal this is
not a review for the fire steel I will
do that in later videos this is just a
quick demonstration of this fire steel
with sparking with the the blade on this
Becker BK 11 after I have that vinegar
finish on here which is called a patina
will strike this fire steel this is just
some jute twine that I had out here from
a freebie previant our project I just
split pulled it apart a little bit and
made like a fibrous pile here here we go
took a couple strikes usually it uh it
does take a couple strikes but um once
you do get it sparked it should it
throws a generous amount of of sparks
and they last for a good amount of time
so that is the Becker BK 11 my rendition
with the sheath thanks for watching and
I hope you give me some feedback
you